feat: Add Pull Request Template (#4217)
expressjs/express: Collaborator-Guide.md

* Tests must pass.
* Follow the [JavaScript Standard Style](http://standardjs.com/) and `npm run lint`.
* If you fix a bug, add a test.

> * Fill the [pull request template](.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fill out the [pull request template](.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md)
```

> * Fill out the [pull request template](.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When making a [PR](https://github.com/expressjs/express/pulls) follow the (Pull Request Template)[.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md]
```
